Today at 4.00 pm meeting held at Sukanta sir room for below mentioned points & meeting comments are  :-

1.)    If driver received more than 4 token from gate but at stores driver submitted less tokens then how it will traceable & controlled  ----- Truck wise token no enabled for this, either single token per vehicle or bar code on invoice , under discussion with the service provider tomorrow.
2.) If weighted material will be received in non commercial vehicles then what will be the process as per validation----   Vehicle with 3 & more wheels will be consider for weighment.
3)  if any deviation at time of receipt material  Auto generated discrepancy go to purchase & after clearance of purchase, security will release the vehicle ---  As is process will continue ( if any weight variation or any other reasons purchase will give information to stores for reweight or any other comments)
4.)   Material receipt report is required for material & physical qty verification for edit the receipt qty in goods receipt note---  Capture physical qty of invoice line item wise at the time of checking & at the time of grn- receipt qty will populated, receipt report will explore.
5.)  Now receipt section checking the status of grn, if ud has completed , all documents with material , send to issue section with receipt report.:- in paperless  how receipt section will send the material to issue section after ud completion. . ( If document line are multiples,.ud completed show by document number not as per inspection lot no) ---   How to track the issue section material alerted confirmation in the system from receipt section  is under discussion with vendor
6.) At issue section  After checking the receipt material form receipt section with invoice & grn material placed in respective storage bin & document are sent to purchase for bill processing :-  Now how it will be done after paperless. --- Auto trigger to bill section after UD. Before this grn wise ud clearance will be explored.
7.) A provision should be given to the issue section to capture the observation against line items of the grn after ud  as well as the storage bin.--  To discuss & explore (under discussion with vendor)
8.) In the receipt section the material received in wooden box or bulk material the acknowledge is given as pkg or lot. ( written as material under inspection, qty & quality is under physical verification:)- the material counting and inspection will be done after vehicle exit.. how it the material  counting and shortage counting will be written on invoice after vehicle exit. --- Same as point no 4
9.)  After ud  rejection material kept at receipt section in temporary location  for  traceability of material.  How it will be traceable  after paper less.---- Under discussion 
10.) Now pending challan are entering  in sap with reasons .  in paperless process how  to be define in numbl.--  To be Discussed ( Under discussion)
11) There are two documents that are mandatory to control the store process : receipt report , gate entry report, and ud report.  -- Already in sap it will be continued.


Regards,
Murli
